ReadMe.md, before:

<a class="bmc-button" target="_blank" href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/soACz8y"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/bmc-new-btn-logo.svg" alt="Buy me a coffee"><span style="margin-left:5px;font-size:28px !important;">Buy me a coffee</span></a>

# LlamaPlugins
This repo contains a set of plugins designed for RebornBuddy.

## Installation

### Automatic Setup

The easiest way to install LlamaPlugins is to install the [repoBuddy](https://github.com/Zimgineering/repoBuddy) plugin. It would be installed in the **/plugins** folder of your rebornBuddy folder. It will automatically install the files into the correct folders.

### Manual Setup

For those of you that don't want to use [repoBuddy](https://github.com/Zimgineering/repoBuddy) here's the manual installtion method. 

Download the zip from [LlamaPlugins](https://github.com/nt153133/LlamaPlugins) and create a folder in **/Plugins** called **LlamaPlugins** and either unzip the contents of the zip into that folder, or check out using a SVN client to that folder.

After Install your folder structure should look something like this.
```
RebornBuddy
└── Plugins
     └── LlamaPlugins
```

## Plugins

### FC Buffs 
Will activate the selected FCBuff for you or go purchase it if you don't have it. Keeping it up when it falls off.

## AutoRepairLisbeth
Repair using Lisbeth to keep your gear repaired, whether that be through crafts or NPCs.

## Lisbeth Ventures
Lisbeth Ventures will send your Retainers back out on the Venture they just completed when they're done when using Lisebth.

Commit message:

feat: switch to .net 8 and remove repair and FC plugins since platypus handles them now

ReadMe.md, after:

# LlamaPlugins
This repo contains a set of plugins designed for RebornBuddy.

## Installation

### Automatic Setup

The easiest way to install LlamaPlugins is to install the [UpdateBuddy](https://loader.updatebuddy.net/UpdateBuddy.zip) plugin. It would be installed in the **/plugins** folder of your RebornBuddy folder. It will automatically install the files into the correct folders.

### Manual Setup

For those of you that don't want to use [UpdateBuddy](https://loader.updatebuddy.net/UpdateBuddy.zip) here's the manual installation method.

Download the zip from [LlamaPlugins](https://github.com/nt153133/LlamaPlugins) and create a folder in **/Plugins** called **LlamaPlugins** and either unzip the contents of the zip into that folder, or check out using a git client to that folder.

After Install your folder structure should look something like this.
```
RebornBuddy
└── Plugins
     └── LlamaPlugins
```

## Plugins

## UITester
- Used to show the UI elements of the game. This is useful for debugging UI elements.

## Lisbeth Ventures
- Lisbeth Ventures will send your Retainers back out on the Venture they just completed when they're done when using Lisebth.

## ~~FC Buffs~~
- Removed, now part of Platypus

## ~~AutoRepairLisbeth~~
- Removed, now part of Platypus
